(DONE) Tomorrows forecast: Color isn't the same as the original, but I think when masking it's not that important. Needs more blur.
Your blur transform starts one frame later than the original. The blur is a bit too heavy after the transform, blows out a bit of the original outline. 2.0 should be enough.
The city names aren't a good match in font and color. Color should be a bit darker, and the font a bit bolder.

(DONE) Whiteboard: Good font, good color. The zooming test should change blur during the zoom. Bigger text needs more blur. It looks too sharp now after the zoom.
Also, transform isn't perfect. It becomes too big too soon. If you pay attention, it comes signficantly closer to the characters to the right. Read unanimateds mocha guide.
Blur is also not enough on any of the following whiteboard signs.

(DONE) Spell makes her..: You didn't include the font. Use File -> Fonts collector. I see it with Arial. 
But otherwise, the font isn't a good match either. Too handwrity and wonky. Original is much more rigid. 
Colors are also wrong. And you didn't matched the inner color of the border layer to the border color. It puts off your blur. You also didn't blur the border layer.

(DONE) Goddess Search: Font is fine. Colors are wrong. Needs blur. Dont use \fade or \fad. Use alpha transform(\alpha, \1a...). 

(DONE) Light music club: Border and shadow are strange. Looks out of place. 

(DONE) Let's walk home together: Color is off. Font is fine, but could be better. The lead-in effect should come char-by-char, not by word. Use \ko tags(can be timed with the karaoke timer GUI) or an alpha transform script.

(DONE) Kurokawa music: Really? Perspective is off, no gradient, strange color, placement. Bad.

(NOTDONE) Closed today: Disappears after one frame. Wrong color. Too much blur. Font is meh. 

(DONE) Info: Always consult the editor when changing a sign. Too much blur. needs more layer to get the embossed effect. Color is meh. Perspective is off.

(DONE) DDY: Very nice, good placement, proud of you. What the heck is \frx-0? Don't leave stupid tags in, they can couse problems.

(DONE) Dont be mad: Perspetive is ok, but not perfect, but can get away with it sometimes. This is a rare occasion where you can. There's no such tag as \fr. You're lucky libass renders it as \frz. 
Font is off, too cursive. 

(DONE) Yui lets walk home together: Once again, you didn't include the font. I see is arial, and it's bad. But anyways, color is off, needs multiple layer with more blur to get the glowing effect. 

General notes:
Always use blur, it's very rare that a sign don't needs any. Probably never.
If you use multiple layers for the border(you always should) set the \1c and \3c to the same color. Or preferably, us the 'shad trick', which is when you add \1a&HFE&\3a&HFE&\shad0.01 to your line, so the inner part and the layer is one.
Use scripts. There are soooo many scripts. Try out all of them. See what you need, see what you can use.
Pay more attention to the colors. The color picker isn't always correct. Use your eyes. If you can't see the difference, try calibrating your monitor by hand. Check out this vid, and the links in the description. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1PCG5hXUmE
